gh-101283: Try to load the fallback cmd.exe by an absolute path (#101286)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Security/2023-01-24-16-12-00.gh-issue-101283.9tqu39.rst

> Windows version of :meth:`subprocess.Popen.__init__` with
> ``shell=True`` made its shell search algorithm protected from dropping
> a program named ``cmd.exe`` into a current directory. Now the current
> directory is used as the last resort if system environment variables
> are totally stripped and Windows is installed not into ``C\Windows``.
> Patch by Eryk Sun.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, :meth:`subprocess.Popen.__init__` with ``shell=True`` 
now tries to use a full-qualified path for "cmd.exe" when ``ComSpec``
isn't defined. It looks for "cmd.exe" in its expected location 
relative to ``SystemRoot`` or ``SystemDrive`` in ``os.environ`` or, 
if neither is defined, relative to ``"C:\\Windows"``. This helps to 
protect against the system executing a malicious "cmd.exe" program
in the application directory or current working directory.  
Patch by Eryk Sun.
```
